---
title: Ohhhh Ohhhh Ohhhh Ohhhh Ohhhh Ohhhh Ohhhh My John Be Careful...........!
layout: post
date: '2021-09-04 13:14:25 +0530'
categories:
- John
author: Jubba
tags:
- misk
toc: true
permalink: blog/:title/
nav_exclude: true
---

You’l[dsfss]({{ 'docker-compose.yml' | relative_url }})l find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.


Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:
## java
{% highlight javascript %}
  function sayHello(name) {
    if (!name) {
      console.log('Hello World');
    } else {
      console.log(`Hello ${name}`);
    }
  }
{% endhighlight %}


## css
```css
.highlight .c {
    color: #999988;
    font-style: italic; 
}
.highlight .err {
    color: #a61717;
    background-color: #e3d2d2; 
}
```

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
